oliver was attacked in his flat and
taken to the hospital
there are four suspects all of them
oliver's neighbors
wow i'd find another apartment amelia
said she'd been walking in the park
since
early morning henry explained he had
been painting in the studio
and had heard nothing jacob said he had
been repairing his car
sophia answered she'd been taking a bath
for the past three hours
look at these people's hands and try to
figure out who's lying
it's a bit strange that jacob who was
repairing his car
and henry who was painting both have
such clean hands
but they could be wearing gloves on the
other hand
sophia's hands and fingers don't have
wrinkles
but it would be a natural skin reaction
after three hours in a bathtub
sophia you've been caught red i mean
smooth-handed
the police found out there was a new
smuggler in town
three people were under suspicion luna a
school bus driver
jackson a fire truck driver and daniel
an
ambulance driver all of them claim to
have been busy with their work
since the very morning can you figure
out who's the smuggler
look at the car daniel drives on such
vehicles
the word ambulance is normally written
backward
it's done so that other drivers can
instantly read the inverted word in
their rear view mirrors
well it seems daniel has given himself
away
it was the day when jacob was supposed
to be discharged from the hospital
he had spent a couple of months there
and underwent several surgeries
his doctor told him he was going to be
fine it was safe for jacob to leave the
hospital
but the guy didn't believe these
promises in low spirits
he walked home on the way he
accidentally bumps into an elderly lady
she gets furious and started to shout at
jacob
but instead of arguing back he hugged
the woman and ran
home why
jacob had hearing loss he didn't believe
his problem could be helped
but when he heard the woman shouting at
him he realized
the doctor had told him the truth maybe
the doctor should have shouted
chloe stayed late at the office that day
when she was driving home
the woman was worn out and one moment
she even started to doze off
that's when it happened she spun off the
road and crashed through the fence that
was on her way
she couldn't control the car anymore it
slipped down a steep hill
and ended up in a lake chloe couldn't
move her
arms they were stuck she couldn't undo
her seatbelt or open the door
the car sank to the bottom of the lake
was chloe doomed
rescuers arrived three hours later the
woman was still in the car
but she was alive how did she survive
[Music]
after the car hit the bottom of the lake
the water only came up to chloe's throat
it was a very shallow lake good thing
huh
it was jack's birthday and the fellow
got a present he had been dreaming about
for ages
a motorbike the next morning he rode his
bike to
college and left it at the parking lot
during lunch time
jack decided to check on his motorbike
imagine his horror
when he found out someone had broken the
mirrors
the security guard told jack only three
other people had left his building in
the afternoon
they were owen and sam two best friends
and
layla the girl who once liked jack but
got turned down by him
owen said he and sam had gone to the
campus cafe to get
sandwiches for lunch sam confirmed this
he then added the bike could have been
damaged by layla out of revenge
but layla told jack her mother had
visited her
and they had spent two hours together so
who's lying
owen has a paper bag with food delivery
written on it
it means the guys ordered their lunch
not bought it in the cafe
they broke jack's mirrors and tried to
frame layla
not a good reflection on them huh
detective taylor was chasing a dangerous
criminal
suddenly the man entered a hospital oh
no
there are hundreds of rooms there
luckily it was raining
and the criminal left footprints on the
hospital floor
the detective followed them and got into
a small room
there were three people there all
covered in bandages from head to toe
but one of them was a fake patient who
it was the dude in the middle he didn't
even have a medical chart next to his
bed
very quick job on the bandages though
the ceo of a large company called the
police
he was sure that one of his employees
victoria
had stolen a memory card with secret
information
she was going to sell it to their
competitors the police arrived at
victoria's house
but the woman didn't let them in without
a warrant
the officers had to leave to get all the
necessary papers
by the time they were back victoria had
already been sitting in her car
ready to drive off the police officers
arrested the woman
they searched her car and clothes but
found nothing
and then when they were about to give up
one of the detectives realized where
victoria kept the memory card
can you figure it out
when the police first came to her the
woman had her hair down
but after that victoria changed her
hairstyle
the memory card is in her bun yep
victoria and her sticky bun
michael was going home from the gym when
everything went black
when he regained consciousness he found
out he was in a locked room
next to the door there was a computer
with a keyboard
on the screen there was a riddle michael
had to write the correct answer
and the door would open the riddle went
like this
it makes two people out of one what is
it
michael typed the needed word and the
door open
he was free to go what was the answer
a mirror oh i was guessing a buzz saw
but this one is better
and not as messy two best friends emily
and luna
came to a popular and expensive hair
salon
at first the administrator told the
girls they had just
one available hairstylist but after
making a phone call
she happily announced she had found
another hairdresser
emily and luna could have their hair
done at the same time
but in the process it dawned on the
girls that one of the hair stylists was
fake which one
hair stylists are using regular scissors
but instead of hair spray
the one on the left is holding a can of
bug spray
yeah that's a big clue right there a man
on a bike grabbed sarah's bag with all
her documents
money and smartphone and sped off the
only way the girl can get her bag back
is by taking someone's car and driving
after the criminal
there are three vehicles parked nearby
which one can sarah break into and drive
off
oops i mean borrow
a man is sitting in the blue car that's
no good
if she decides to take the red car cctv
will spot her
her only option is the brown vehicle
oh and sarah don't forget to return the
wheels when you get your bag back
otherwise you'll be grand theft sarah
mary and her younger brother alex were
mushroom hunting in the forest wait
mushroom hunting what do you do sneak up
on them so they don't escape
anyway they started to quarrel alex got
angry and ran away
after several minutes mary rushed after
him she was still fuming
but also worried soon the girl reached a
small river
a man was sitting on the shore um did
you see a teenager here
mary asked yep he's just taken a boat
and made it to the other side
but mary didn't believe the man why
the boat is indeed on the other side but
the paddles are lying next to the man
how could the boy cross the river
without them
so where's alex kidnapped by the escaped
mushrooms we may never know
ella came to a party that took place in
her best friend's house
it was a riddle party all the guests had
to crack mysteries
and participate in different challenges
ella's task was to get out of a locked
room
in the basement the girl was blindfolded
taken downstairs
and left alone after pulling the piece
of cloth off her eyes
ella noticed the door had a code lock
she also spotted a sheet of paper lying
on the floor
next to the door there were four flowers
drawn there
ella looked at them for a while and
entered the correct code
the door opened and the girl joined the
party
so what was the code
ella counted the petals on each flower
the code was
five seven four eight carter was
visiting his friend mateo
who lived in another city mateo loved
riddles
in the evening he challenged carter to
get the key to the guest room where the
guy was supposed to be sleeping
mateo dropped the key in the bucket
filled with cold water
and told carter to get it but he
couldn't touch the water or use
anything to pull the key out that night
carter slept in the guest room
how did he get the key
he put the bucket over a fire the water
started to boil
and soon evaporated after that carter
picked the key up
mateo was stained nora was an insurance
agent
once her client called her early in the
morning the woman was in tears
at night someone had broken into her
house by the time the woman had enough
courage to go downstairs
the thief had already taken all the
valuables
when she looked out of the window the
man was running away
do you remember what he looked like nora
asked the client answered
it was still dark outside i understood
it was a man
tall and thin he had dark hair and was
wearing
a v-neck t-shirt nora immediately
realized her client has staged the
burglary
how did she figure it out
[Music]
it was dark and the man was running away
from the client's house
then how could the woman see he was
wearing a v-neck t-shirt
beats me